Mario's introductory blog post (#892)
debezium/debezium.github.io: _posts/2023-03-09-hello-debezium.adoc

date:   2023-03-09 11:11:11 +0100
tags: [ community, news ]
author: mfvitale
---

Hi everyone, my name is Mario Fiore Vitale and I recently joined Red Hat and the Debezium team.

I am a very curious person that follows a continuous learning approach, I like to keep growing my skills. I care about code quality and readability.

I have about 9+ years of experience and have worked for consultancy, startup, and enterprise product companies in different sectors.
In my previously experience I had the chance to work on architecture re-design project to split a monolith into a microservices application.
During this experience I gained experience with different technologies such as Kafka, Elasticsearch, Redis, Kubernetes, VictoriaMetrics, Spring Framework, and a bit of Cassandra.

Why Am I here?

+++<!-- more -->+++

First of all, I have always been fascinated by OSS and the power of the "community". During my career I have used a lot of OSS and when I had the chance to give back to the community I didn't back down.

In recent years data are becoming more and more important, in terms of their role for companies but also in terms of quantity. The way we manage these data is now crucial.

> Data comes from different source, asynchronously and must be shared with different consumers. So we need to continuous process incoming data and here is where Event Stream Processing comes in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data comes from different source, asynchronously and must be shared with different consumers. So we need to continuously process incoming data, and this is where Event Stream Processing comes in.
```
